Updated terminologies for chaos agent, workflow and charts (#197)
litmuschaos/litmus-docs: website/docs/troubleshooting.md

Make sure to update the namespace and mongo pod name according to your setup, the rest should remain the same. This command will update the password to `litmus`.

### While uninstalling Litmus portal using helm, some components like subscriber, exporter, event, chaos scenatios, etc are not removed.

> These arechaos delegatecomponents, which are launched by the control plane server, so first disconnect thechaos delegatefrom the portal then uninstall the portal using helm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are chaos delegate components, which are launched by the control plane server, so first disconnect the chaos delegate from the portal then uninstall the portal using helm.
```

- Step 3: Use this command to copy the hub directory from your local system to the litmus-portal server pod

```
kubectl cp <location to chaos-experiment/hub directory> <namespace>/<litmusportal-server-pod-name>:</tmp/version/<project_id>/<hub_name> -c graphql-server
```

Example:

```

> kubectl cp /home/amitkrdas/Chaos-Charts/chaos-experiments/  litmus/litmusportal-server-6df9c5895d-57xx7:/tmp/version/686c1da2-da9c-4029-9c6a-528a9455a3b3/"Litmus ChaosHub" -c graphql-server

Reviewer 2: Is this link correct?
